Privacy Policy for Animal Image Collaction

Privacy Policy

Information We Collect

•	Clearly state that your app does not collect, store, or use personal information.
Provide Relevant Ads
•	Another way we provide a personalized Service is through the ads we show. We use your interests and preferences from the information we’ve collected to personalize, target, and measure ads. We think ads are best when they’re relevant. That’s why we try to select the right ads and show them to you at the right time. For example, if you’ve interacted with ads for video games, we will infer that you like video games, and show you similar ads, but those won’t be the only ads you see. Similar to our content strategy, we try to ensure you receive a variety of ads. We also use your information to avoid showing you ads you probably won’t be interested in. For example, if a ticketing site tells us you’ve previously bought tickets for a movie — we can stop showing you ads for it. You can learn about the different types of advertising and your choices about which ads you receive .

Our audience

•	Clearly state that your app is only for users aged 18 and above.
•	If your app displays ads, especially mature content, mention that third-party advertisers may have their own policies.
Updates to the Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, and will give you a heads-up if we make any changes we think you should know about.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ home pages or providing you with an in-app notification).

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

by email: bordameet6644@gmail.com
By phone number: 6352275735

